! XDM settings
xlogin*failTimeout: 3
xlogin*echoPasswd: true
xlogin*echoPasswdChar: *
xlogin*allowNullPasswd: true
xlogin*geometry: 250x200
xlogin*greetFace: Fira Code
xlogin*face: Fira Code
xlogin*promptFace: Fira Code
xlogin*titleFace: Fira Code
xlogin*failFace: Fira Code
xlogin*borderWidth: 0
xlogin*frameWidth: 0
xlogin*innerFramesWidth: 0
xlogin*logoPadding: 0
xlogin*login.translations: #override \n\
  Ctrl<Key>R: abort-display()\n\
  <Key>F1: set-session-argument(failsafe) finish-field()\n\
  <Key>Delete: delete-character()\n\
  <Key>Left: move-backward-character()\n\
  <Key>Right: move-forward-character()\n\
  <Key>Home: move-to-begining()\n\
  <Key>End: move-to-end()\n\
  Ctrl<Key>KP_Enter: set-session-argument(failsafe) finish-field()\n\
  <Key>KP_Enter: set-session-argument() finish-field()\n\
  Ctrl<Key>Return: set-session-argument(failsafe) finish-field()\n\
  <Key>Return: set-session-argument() finish-field()

! XDM texts
xlogin*greeting: CLIENTHOST
xlogin*namePrompt: Username:
xlogin*passwdPrompt: Password:
xlogin*fail: Access denied
xlogin*changePasswdMessage: Update password

! XDM colors
xlogin*failColor: #d90429
xlogin*promptColor: #fcfcfc
xlogin*greetColor: #fcfcfc
xlogin*foreground: #fad000
xlogin*background: #000000
xlogin*frameColor: #000000
